Add info about pipeline resources (#72)
LangStream/documentation: building-applications/pipelines.md

### Agent resources

When deploying a pipeline, some agents might require additional CPU or memory to run properly. Depending on the traffic load and the agent architecture, you might need to scale the pipeline vertically or horizontally, or both.

The `resources` property allows you to specify the `size` (scale vertically) and the `parallelism` (scale horizontally) for the pipeline.

```yaml
topics:
  ...

resources:
  parallelism: 3
  size: 2
  
pipeline:
  ...
```

Setting `parallelism:` to 3 the pipeline will be deployed with 3 different replicas. Each replica will use the configured `size` for CPU and memory.

The `size` parameter comprehend both CPU and memory. The value is a multiplier factor that is computed at runtime, starting from a base cpu/memory value.

> For example, if the default value for the memory - for a single replica - is 512 MB, specifying `size:  2` will make the pipeline to use 1024MB per-replica.

Reviewer: where do I configure the values ?

can we add a section about it ?
we can write it here, or in a separate file and link it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if the default value for the memory - for a single replica - is 512 MB, specifying `size: 2` will make the pipeline use 1024MB per-replica, as below:
```yaml
name: "Write to Cassandra"
topics:
    - name: "input-topic"
      creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
pipeline:
  - name: "Write to Cassandra"
    type: "sink"
    input: "input-topic"
    resources:
      size: 2
```
The default value for `parallelism` and `resources` is `1`. 
```
